He's still working in Cambridge.
He runs the... This is Larry Rosenberg.
Larry Rosenberg.
He's at 331 Broadway.
And he runs the Zen Institute at Cambridge.
I'm not sure whether it's called the Zen Institute or the... It's right across the street from Haven's house, isn't it?
Did you see it?
Yeah.
That's the same place.
Yeah, but he's there.
They split under... I always assumed Haven was connected with them.
Yeah, they were connected in the Brandeis place.
And then there was a split... What the hell was going on at Brandeis?
That's where the recruiting was going on.
Part Shackley, part... part Fermor himself.
Um, I'm just reading through, hang on.
Barry Taylor.
Nope.
He's a naturopathic physician.
He's ex-S.
He was a contemporary of Casper's University.
He's now in Washington.
I have a number for him.
I also have a number for Rosenberg.
I've found Rosenberg.
I'm hoping there's a message when I get back tonight.
Maybe I can talk to him before I leave.
Robin Green.
Nope.
Rahel.
They're the same person.
I think that's an ex-girlfriend of either Waxman or Casper.
It's in here somewhere.
She's now Hogan's companion, housemaid.
Her name's Robin Green.
Robin Green.
Yeah, I assume the voice on the answer phone belongs to all the calls.
Oh, so there's a new... Robin Green.
Her name is Rahel.
She only answers to Rahel, then.
How do we spell Rahel, would you say?
Well, I put it down as R-A-H-E-L.
It might be J. Oh, it could be R-A-Q-U-E-L.
And Mark Blumenthal.
Also ex-boyfriend of Robin Green.
Doctor in New Jersey, ex-Brandeis.
These are...
He remembers a lot of the people he was at Brandeis with.
This is why I'm hoping some of those names... Was it Robin Antoine?
And the other one?
Robert Oates.
You have to have a sense, in my view, of where this would go, though.
Yes.
For your purposes, where would this be going?
Well, I'm beginning to come around to the stories that the books are important.
But certainly not overriding.
The central thrust of the story is Omar versus Davis.
I would think so, yeah.
And Haven's view of his life as opposed to the view of his life that we can ascertain independent of.
But the more people we talk to, it's about that.
Will you visualize it?
An hour documentary?
If it's on BBC, it would probably be 50 minutes.
If it's on Channel 4, it would probably be 50 minutes.
Seeing this thing, I mean, kind of visualize it as a drama, as a documentary.
The occasion for it, certainly, is this spectacular sale of books, how it was put together.
Yeah.
That's the centerpiece.
I think that's where it would start.
That you would lead your audience into believing that this was going to be an introduction to a rather arcane, mysterious world, where it holds lots of money, lots of high finance, high rollers, and that it would turn, or it seems to be turned, into something rather
And so, what's his attitude?
How did you pitch it to him, just out of curiosity?
Why would he want to do this?
I sent him a letter asking for a meeting, saying that I'd read about his collection, about how he put it together.
I thought it would make an interesting documentary.
I was even more convinced it would make an interesting documentary when I heard that there was a lot of unpublished material.
he's been a yogi, that he's been, you know, and that I'm, you know, if he was interested in having, you know, a monument to his life, then here's an opportunity.
That could do it.
Yeah.
Which is, I mean, you know, when I wrote that letter, that's exactly what I was looking to do.
Obviously, I was playing a little to his ego, a little to his vanity.
I just want to make sure I didn't give you this one document I am looking for, and I can't find it, and I know I wanted you to have it.
Not in the red file, because I know it's in there, but just of all the other stuff we did.
Yeah, I haven't done that yet, but I'm just... I mean, the answer to your question at the moment is I don't know, because every time I speak to someone, I get more information that skews it away from the original
documentary that I envisaged.
This didn't just come out so good.
That's a troll of stuff, my friend.
Are you okay?
Are you sure?
I look at it and say, I just know how...
the work that went into getting on.
People don't appreciate it.
They see a sheet of papers.
But I think, to me, what comes back is the obstacles that I faced, the opposition, the intimidation.
To have this lawyer, my brother went in there.
He's an attorney.
We still didn't know what was going on.
And she
I threw him out of her office, screamed at him, and said, I will not talk to you.
Hysterical.
Really?
Yeah.
I just judged.
It took me to believe that she was feeling a lot of pressure.
She, by the way, was appointed by Michael Dukakis, her cousin.
He was the former governor of Massachusetts.
He ran for president in 1980.
He ran against Bush.
She was appointed by her cousin.
I don't want to comment on what kind of a judge she was.
I'm certainly not a legal analyst, but she didn't comport herself very critically as far as I'm concerned in this affair.
For reasons that escaped me, this case was made
She took place to all attempts to prison as an almost unprecedented act to totally impound a case.
Did you get the Certificate of Limited Partnership?
I did.
I will copy it.
Oh yeah, you can add this.
The last time
Jim Casper had any professional dealings with Avon O'Moore was when O'Moore bought the whole of the Concord Street and Garden Street block of the Arsenal Square thing.
And he needed help with the rent board, the rent control board.
He wanted to take
two of the houses he bought down.
He did it, he actually did it.
And yeah, he plowed a... This was a historic district.
Yeah, Jim says he plowed a bulldozer through the two houses when permission wasn't granted to him.
This was a historic district.
Yeah.
They weren't raised to the ground, but they were rendered uninhabitable, so they had to be destroyed.
Which is what he wanted.
Yeah.
And...
Jim says that he helped Hayden find the lawyers that kept him out of prison, basically.
Well, he wouldn't have gone to prison.
Well, that's an imprisonable offence.
But I don't think it was... He certainly could have been sued.
He could have had this tremendous crime.
He's got some... He had tapes of O'Moore lecturing in the Brandeis case.
O'Moore took them back.
But he does have transcripts from the tapes, which... Again, you know, it all depends on where you're going.
No, I mean, I just find it, I mean, that sort of stuff isn't going to find its way into a final thing.
I just find it fascinating because with luck, you'll be able to find there exactly what it was that drew so many people to him and kept them there.
I mean, he must have had something as a showman to get.
that sort of attention from so many ostensibly intelligent people.
And in the case of at least one, getting to hand over millions of dollars.
Well, I can't find this document.
This is the last file I'm going to go through.
Which one?
It's the parking space one.
And it's wonderful because it was the first time
I had seen in black and white that it was DBA, doing business as, uh, care of, it was care of, a P.O.
box in Millerton, New York.
And that's the document that gets me and sends me to Millerton.
You know, that's the one that tells you that he's buried his name.
I can't find it.
You know that?
And, uh, I don't know.
What the hell is this?
That's the side of his Arkansas state.
I can't find the darn thing, and that's upsetting me.
I know I didn't give it to you unless it's...
Do you want to take some of that stuff down?
Maybe we'll copy a few more things and we'll look at the movie, and then... Yeah, we've got this, and then I think we're... We'll probably need it.
And Nicole made you copies of this stuff, I think, too.
That'd be fantastic.
All right, let's go.
Nick, what do you think?
What do you think?
Table and screen here?
Is that the best?
We can set the screen up over here and we can use this table.
What do you think?
Okay.
Yeah, that would work, sir.
Either way.
Because the screen's not all that big.
No, it's on the earth.
I mean, yeah.
Whatever you think.
That would be fine.
We just need whatever the projector is.
We need, obviously, somewhere near a PowerPoint.
There's a whole bank of plugs right over there behind that.
That's why I thought over here, yeah.
See on the floor?
Yeah.
It's the concierge.
I think it does.
I haven't used this thing in 20 years.
I'll do it.
You know what I wanted to see is... I think I can get my coffee out of here.
Some water would be nice.
Okay.
on that table and you might need an extension cable.
Do you have a hold on?
Why do these things have to be harder than they are?
Oh, I'm getting frustrated.
That's fine.
Honestly, that's fine.
How do you want to... That's at the right level.
You know, there's a plug over there.
Why don't we just put it on that table?
See that over that table?
On that table, we'll just shoot this way.
How's that?
Perfect.
Now, I am going to make... While you're setting up, it's going to take you a few minutes to set up, right?
I'm going to make one more to row it from the tent.
I'm afraid a couple of letters here.
Don't get frazzled.
I think I might have given you the help.
Have a look through the stuff you've given me.
It's over on the chair.
Pulling spring wire, right there, okay.
Is it too small, the screen?
Remember that trick, not that trick, that rule.
The rule is that as soon as you get something in hand, secure it.
before you move on to the next position.
Does it make sense?
Yeah.
I was just wondering whether your act of securing the docket actually cost you the case, because when someone... It may have.
But I don't think so, because it was... I think what cost me, as I called the day before, to see if there was a day dispersed or more, to see if there was.
I was just guessing.
I didn't know if there was.
I guessed.
This was a guess.
I went to the sale.
I got picked up and removed.
Then I hear Bob Nightcourt telling me that they think it was a case up in their neck of the woods.
He lives in Cambridge.
I went to the courthouse there.
I called him to the house.
I said, yeah, we got one.
I said, oh, great.
I'll be in there tomorrow.
I got to ask him.
Great.
That's what I think it was.
That might be it.
Certainly, that was too soon to impound the stuff.
You got to go.
But it certainly wasn't too late to get the stuff and to pull it into the judges' chambers.
You know?
Yeah, you know, I don't know.
Have I looked through the stuff you've already run off for me?
No, I'm going to do that last.
I'm really trying.
I mean, I handled everything.
I might have been flying through stuff here.
I might have just threw that in a pile and having meant to copy it.
Yeah, this is very interesting.
Oh, yeah, this is good.
This is an article that was on the Boston Globe.
Here's another case.
Here's a case with Guthiel.
Guthiel was a case where it was in Boston Globe.
It had nothing to do with our men, but it showed the kind of stuff that he does.
A professional witness in cases like this.
He doesn't want to testify here.
I believe he was the treating.
I believe that he treated, examined,
Her father had a stroke a couple months ago.
She's been spending quite a bit of time now.
This is the letter, you've got to have this letter.
This is one of them.
The letter was handed back out of the hand in general.
Is there?
No, do you know?
Yeah.
Any way to see?
They agree with me, they're sort of fine.
Well, they were trying to do it.
That's why you answered that question.
Let me just find one more letter number.
That's one I was looking for.
Okay, if that other one was the Rosetta Stone, this was the light bulb that flashes over the country's character's head.
And it's usually the most trivial thing.
You never know what it's going to be, all right?
You go through the registry of the agent, and then you come across it, and bring it to a sign Parkinson's.
Oh, there it is.
The other sign, David O'Moore.
hereby agree that the guy's limited in New York, uh, what?
A New York limited partnership of which Avon O'Moore, Avon O'Moore, took a general partner with a postdoc that's addressed.
Yeah?
Well, how am I supposed to know?
The traditional science is here.
The folks are here.
He's here.
How do I know he went to military?
You know why he went there?
Because this other guy is scooch.
He's also crazy.
He runs amateur.
He allowed him to use his business address as a male problem.
He allowed him to use his address to set up a limited partnership and bury the paperwork out of New York State.
That's just coming out of New York City.
We do this in New York City.
These ads are going to be running a New York City paper.
Move upstate.
We don't even see it.
Very, very, very.
It's a parking space, but that sends me to New York.
where I get the limit of time to shape.
You can see there are even 10 critical documents here to represent this is a paper chase.
A paper trail.
So even though I'll use that pounded space, you still can't control .
A wonderful big study
Now you have to have these before you go in.
I'm going to have a glass of wine.
Would you also have a glass of wine?
Thank you.
Yes, I would.
How it matters by you, Nicole.
She is, by the way, extraordinary.
Six leads.
She said, well, she wasn't being actress.
She said, well, in the future of the public schools, she said, oh, here's my conception.
It's our submission to consider this as a profession.
She told me this.
Where does the sound come out of me?
I'm going to just do a voice tape over.
Are you ready by the way?
Did you talk to her, Nick?
Did you talk to her?
Yes.
Well, I... Or was it just a message?
Oh, that's... Okay.
Yeah.
There it is.
Machines make that noise, isn't it?
No, that's okay.
It's a project.
Nicole, you want to see Haven or more?
Or the yogi.
The yogi, yeah.
That's what you'll see him doing.
Fine, just get this.
Oh, this is at your elbow store.
Thank you very much.
Cheers.
Thank you.
Did we have a productive day?
Well, yes, I did.
We may be a minute or two away from this because this has got crust in the luggage.
Oh, shit.
It's catching the film as it comes around.
Where did you bring this from?
From the projector?
From California.
Kidding, why didn't you get one here?
Because I didn't want to spend two days looking for one on a three-day trip, and I was lucky because I haven't had a spare moment.
You know, I've been out here, I've been with Casper, I've been going to earn more of himself.
What do they charge you to rent one of these things?
For the week, 100 bucks.
That's a pretty good profit, isn't it?
Yeah, we're not doing bad, are we?
Yeah, I don't have it.
I thought I might have a take-up reel.
Have you got a take-up reel?
But it's not that big.
I've got a 35mm film that I made when I was in the Navy 30 years ago.
I think we've got to play it now.
It's not going to work.
Well, that's a kick in the ass, isn't it?
No, this car will be...
Well, you got one look out of it.
Oh, rats.
You're no idea.
Huh?
Well, that's the bore.
It worked last night though, right?
Yeah.
Easy peasy.
But it wasn't this spool that we used.
That was the pump.
Oh, you plated it in his place?
Yeah.
This is the spare spool that they supplied that's got screwed up in transit.
I don't have a take-up reel.
Do you not?
I might have one, but it's just half the size, so it's not going to help.
I mean, the film would run over.
The color looks pretty good after 30 years.
The color is very good.
This is a very good print.
I don't want to teach you too much.
But this is actually a very good print.
Very...
well-kept.
He's kept it in pristine condition.
Pristine neck.
Well, we should give it one more shot, and if it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
I just want to get the film off this floor first.
But you're going to promise me a videotape.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's a given.
That's a given.
I can't rewind it because I didn't come off one clue.
I can't really hook.
You see that?
I don't understand.
Why is it not taking it up?
It's because the spool has been... It's been compressed.
I carried this as hand luggage to make sure it was okay, but the spool went in the hold and the spool has been pressed so that it's catching the film when it comes to the wind.
Okay.
Well, you certainly don't want to damage the film.
Take the film off it.
And that could happen, you know, even if you do get the thing to run.
I ain't gonna run through that, is it?
What's a bore?
No, the spool is not good.
I don't want to risk the scratch.
No, no, it's fine.
It's fine.
Let's finish our wine, and we'll go back to Cambridge.
Nicky?
Yeah?
One copy each of these.
That's not much.
All right.
I make very, very good copies.
One of each.
You saw the title.
I saw the title.
Yeah, I'm really kind of eager.
So how much are you going to have it on tape for 70 minutes?
Are you going to dupe it?
Oh, yeah.
Are you going to let me listen to it at some point?
Yeah.
Do you want to have him listen to it now?
I can't listen to it.
I mean, we don't have the whole thing.
No, but I've got your phones.
Yeah.
You can listen to it.
I'd love to hear his voice.
I'm not asking you for a copy of that tape, but if you decide to give anybody else a copy, then I'd like to request the privilege of having one as well.
You'd be first.
I mean, I know, uh, I can't be saying I'd give you a copy of any of my tapes, so, you know, but, uh, but, um, but I certainly wouldn't be, uh... This is quite a nice little... It's a little little gizmo.
Is it, uh, sprung?
Yeah, you'll hear the, uh...
What do these cost now?
When I priced these the last time, they were like $1,700 or something.
Yeah, it's down to about $1,000.
It is?
Okay.
Which one, Neil?
The black one?
It's the line-out.
We don't have to listen to the whole thing.
I'm really eager to hear his voice.
Is there any good stuff, sort of bullshit at the front?
Yeah, just sort of, you know, time and day bullshit at the front.
And then after that, we get into his father.
What does he say about his father?
And then... Does he hate his father?
No, he was very... He says his father saved his life.
Why did he run away from home?
Because of the time he was unhappy, but what he realized was the discipline.
It was useful to him later in life.
Did he talk about his father cutting him out of a will?
No, because I didn't ask.
Yours is on the right.
Yeah.
Okay, you in?
These go like this.
Yeah.
How do you make them stay in?
Take a minute.
Okay, go ahead.
You got it?
Yep.
You up?
Boy, that's great.
Boy, the voice is something, isn't it?
Very small voice, isn't he?
Can I increase the volume on this?
I think it's quite low because the battery's dead.
These are the last ones.
Okay, I'm fine.
What book are you talking about here at the front?
The beautiful book.
The Aesop.
Aesop published in Cambridge in the 30s, illustrated by Stephen Goodman.
I repeat a couple of things because he's deaf.
Oh, Nicole, I'm sorry about the letdown of the movie.
Oh, that's all right.
Can I go through that?
I'm sorry.
Your story?
What are you going for?
The most beautiful book of the 20th century is one I just published.
I don't know.
And I did give you a copy of this.
Yeah.
Well, you have everything, I think, that's really important here.
Do you have some sticky tape?
Tape?
Yeah, just to keep it in.
Do you know the tape?
No, no, go get the tape I use for the boxes.
Oh, okay.
Where is it?
In the garage?
No, no.
Look out on the porch.
He's very smooth.
I can see how sedentary he is.
Here you go.
Thank you very much.
You pull it.
Be careful with it.
I'll show you.
Does it kill?
It's a stitch.
Yeah, you have to pull it hard.
But you don't want, no, no, don't let it go.
It will go on the roll.
And you can't find it.
There's one.
You need another one?
Do you want a zero, sis?
Yeah, Nicole, now this is a request, and I want you to be very careful.
Very careful.
You don't break the glass on the copying machine.
Oh, jeez.
Okay.
Do you want just the lid?
Copy that?
I want you to just put this on the top, and I want a couple copies.
What?
Just place it, I want the label.
Okay.
Thank you.
And do a couple of copies.
Do it until you get a good one that looks good.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Isn't she a good kid?
Does his voice sound like this in the movie?
Same voice?
His voice is very strong, but less of a twang, less of a southern twang.
He has a southern twang here.
Yeah, yeah.
He has a southern twang here, you think?
Yeah, yeah, there's more in there.
Yeah, you get a little bit of Arkansas, just in a couple of vowel sounds.
The lawyer in Kansas who deposed him
He said the guy was the most egregious sociopath he'd ever seen in his life, on the strength of his testimony, I understand.
Was the companion there when he came to see you?
No.
How was he dressed?
I thought he was going to be well dressed, and I thought on suit and tie and everything.
He was wearing just sweatpants and a shell suit attraction.
What was that?
What did he sell?
Very low at $5,000 each?
What's he talking about?
The limited edition sacrificial bone inscriptions.
Too low?
He sold it to Jim Casper for $6,000.
This guy is crazy, you know.
This is insane.
Do you understand this?
$5,000 for that piece of madness, which is what it is?
Have you read the sacrificial bone inscriptions?
Make my ears bleed.
All right.
I'm so sorry you can't see it.
I know, but you'll just have to, it'll only be a week more.
Well, ten days more.
That's fine.
Ten days more you'll have.
Do you want crappies in this?
No, I can take that one.
This is coming home with me.
Taking this to London.
There's a man on tape.
Well, I'm going to do it.
So is your mother okay?
I heard about her troubles with her.
My mother, um, she's just visiting my father, my grandfather.
Yeah.
So, drag.
But... Is he okay?
Is he recovering?
Uh, he... Doubtful.
Mm.
He's been sick for about four months, so... He's very severe.
He's partially paralyzed.
He can't swallow.
He's got the cognitive ability, perhaps, of a three-year-old.
I don't know.
I'm amazed at how she handles it.
The finest printer who's ever lived?
I can't show him the movie.
At least I can do his voice.
It's yoga.
I mean, he's quite an advanced yoga.
I love yoga.
He and my sister got me into it.
Yeah.
I'll get you a copy.
You don't have it for one reason, but for now.
Ah, good.
Did you call him doctor or more?
Yeah, all the time.
Did he correct you?
No.
At the end, he insisted I call him Hayden.
Because by then he decided I was a rascal and felt he'd been played a little.
By the way, Steph, there's the southern accent.
A hundred thousand dollars a piece?
He's out of his fucking mind.
This guy is crazy.
Do you understand this?
A hundred thousand dollars for sacrificial bone inscriptions.
A vanity book.
You know what a vanity book is?
They're all learning about it.
This whole soliloquy here was set in motion by your saying you saw a beautiful book.
Do you understand this is the same?
It's not enough.
When you read the deposition
The garden is not enough.
He has to have not one Gutenberg Bible.
He has to have two.
And now you've seen a book that Colin says is the most beautiful book of the 20th century.
No, mine is.
That's, you know?
I mean, yeah, I used it just as an opening gambit, but he gave great perspective feedback.
Do you want to be an actress?
I don't know.
Well, it's the only thing it can do very well, but... That's not a good read.
Oh, I don't know.
I love it, but... He's talking about Cobden Sanderson and private press books.
Cobden Sanderson was a binder, wasn't he?
Cobden Sanderson wasn't a printer.
He also says Kem Scott.
That's a mistake.
Yeah, he also says... That's a mistake.
He says Kem Scott.
This man who knows so much...
That's a major mistake.
Cobden-Sanderson is a binder.
He says Kemscott for Kelmscott.
He says Adenheimer's disease for Alzheimer's disease.
He says perspicuity for perspicacity.
There are multiple prisons all the way through.
Maybe he had a little stroke.
I'll cut slack on words that are mispronounced.
But this shows ignorance of what he's talking about.
So does Kemscott.
Kemscott is egregious.
But to suggest, that's just a mispronunciation.
But to say Cobden Sanderson is the great printer of the 20th century when Cobden Sanderson is a binder.
You sure he wasn't talking about Brockman?
I can't remember.
He's talking about the sanest person.
Colin thinks he's crazy.
I think he's sane.
I think he's the greatest printer of the 20th.
Oh, okay.
Maybe I misheard.
I haven't transcribed it yet.
I can't wait.
It was yesterday.
Hearing his voice for me is really, it's not even the content, it's hearing it.
I mean, this is a guy I spent five years pursuing, like the fugitive, you know, like the one-armed man trying to find a son of a bitch hiding under a fucking rock, excuse me.
I'm sorry, honey.
No, it's all right.
She knows your father.
I'm an old naval officer.
He's worth without, you know, people around.
Let me just write that down.
Worth solo.
Got it.
That's a good book, you know, that's all of his marginalia.
All of his annotations, I beg your pardon.
More than the marginalia, the annotations to every book they can find.
Well, let's have one more glass of wine.
Do you mind if young Nicole rides with us to Cambridge?
Okay, great.
I'll be fine, I promise.
You're the caperite.
Say what?
Yay!
Oh, the hell of you, I won't fool real.
Isn't it funny when somebody else is like, there's something in you guys.
He read in the afterword.
You'll see, I just, you know, every so often just a little word and just let him in spaceship.
As long as you've got an open-ended thing, because at some point you've got to get him on that track.
But if the first thing I say is, did you drug Michael Davis, then, you know, I ain't going to get questions.
No, you've got to get stuff here that you can, but this is a, see, you're smart.
The beauty of this, this is broadcast quality.
Yeah.
And he knew you were taping him.
And he had no problems with that.
Yeah.
I've given him my word that it's for research purposes.
But... I'm just so pissed off with his sport.
So, I mean, maybe you don't know whether you want to do it or not.
I really do.
So why are you so apologetic about it?
I don't know.
I could be a doctor or a lawyer.
Probably not, but... Acting... I love acting, but... I don't know, I mean... Not much job security.
You have to like a license and you have to have a thick skin.
I mean, the reasons most people become actors are the same reason most people don't.
It's too hard to make it, though, you know, I mean...
Maybe I could be like a film historian or something, I could do that.
Or a film critic, like my dad.
Sort of, he did.
I don't know, I'm dedicated to the arts and I have to contribute somehow, you know, as an adult.
Yeah.
Good luck.
Whatever for you.
Thank you.
But deep down I love acting, I really do.
She did a play a couple months ago and she was sick.
Oh, yeah, much worse.
And she had one of the leads, and so she actually worked her sickness into the... She did it three times, and I swear it was different.
And when the cold got worse, she started playing, but she used it to the moment.
I mean, it was... I thought it was supposed to be like that, you know?
That's the way it is.
I had a serious...
in the UK TV series that we recorded, it was set in a TV newsroom, and it was recorded the night before it went out, so all the news we put in at the last minute, we had sort of 20 minutes of it, you know, 25 minutes of it, the last five minutes went in at the last minute because it's all the news to go in.
And we recorded on a Wednesday, it went out on a Thursday, on a Tuesday,
stupid accident in the rehearsal room.
I got smacked in the mouth.
Oh no.
That baseball bat thing came off and I got a little scar there.
My lip was out here.
I got mugged by school kids on the way to work because I had a huge fat lip in certain stitches by the sort of cap that I had been choking out of it.
It was my least attractive moment in front of me.
Oh gosh.
It's all cool technique.
Yeah, I guess.
I guess.
So where are you at?
Is this school productions?
Yeah.
I'm not sure if Dramatics is fine.
No.
High school.
What quarrel?
You said was some quarrel decided in your favor?
Oh, this is the Chicago University claiming that the Harvey is theirs.
It is?
Yeah.
That's why he's going to give it back.
He's lying to you again.
I knew this, but... Do you want me to say at that point...
You're lying because I know that actually they put in a claim and that it came from here, because... And he's saying he's going to donate it in the name of... Exactly.
I'll tell you what the final... But do you know what the final resolution of this thing was?
They agreed that he brought it in good faith.
He can keep it as long as he lives, I guess.
And then they get it back.
For him to say now he's going to present it in Maria's name, it's bullshit.
I knew that.
And I sat there and I smiled sweetly.
But he's lying to you.
Do you understand?
I know that.
I'm telling you he is a liar.
You don't need to.
He carried on talking.
I've done my research.
I did my homework.
Never ask a question to which you do not know the answer.
I know that.
It's good that I listen to this, by the way, because...
I just let him talk.
I didn't know that you understood that.
I said, wait a minute, the Harvey thing?
What I wanted him to feel is that he was going to get an opportunity to present the version of Haven O'Moore that he wanted to present.
And if I start cross-examining him as some sort of grand inquisitor or meeting one, that ain't going to happen.
Wait, wait.
Let's stop.
Eleanor, I came out of my mother's womb.
Oh, this is good.
With a desire to know about
That's a great quote.
I would use that quote as an epigraph to my chapter.
Transcribe that for me and send it to me.
I would just like it.
It doesn't have to be on tape.
When you transcribe that, it's at 1730.
That's fantastic.
And you know what?
That I believe.
That's true.
That is the greatness of this story.
That is true of Haven Amour.
That is the gentle and not so gentle madness.
I have to hear that fucker again.
Excuse me.
You know, the way to his heart
I apologize.
Am I a little too rough around and raw around our edges here?
No.
I'm being polite because I'm in your house.
When you're in my house, there'll be fights, there'll be razors.
I'm so glad you like that.
I'm faintly embarrassed of this fucking film.
I hope they don't notice this when I take this back and they might screw me for nothing.
All right, 1738.
Okay.
1726.
1738.
Okay.
And he actually says that it's 1738.
1740.
Oh, that's great.
Great.
Oh, that's wonderful.
He likes me.
I'm feeling slightly better now.
You see, why wouldn't he talk to me?
He doesn't like you.
I would have been good to him.
He loves me.
Yeah, I mean... He loves me.
I'm English.
I'm cute.
I've got a nice accent.
You are.
I've got some stories.
I found a story with the bedroom eyes.
What was that story that I found?
What was that story I found in a LexisNexis search and Neil?
The Bedroom Eyes, Stockhead Gorgeous, come hither.
I emailed it to Nicole.
Thank you so much.
Stockhead Gorgeous.
Thank you.
The Bedroom Eyes.
What's the name of the show he's in?
You want to tell me?
Stockhead Donkey.
That's the news cover.
Oh, boy.
Gosh.
God Almighty, I've been researched.
We could do a LexisNexis search.
Is there anybody you'd like to do a search on?
It takes a few minutes.
I mean, it's every story that's been published in the English-speaking world in the last 20 years.
Oh, really?
cost me 200 bucks a month for this service.
It's a very, but it's fantastic.
To me, it's not quite up there with sex, but pretty close.
It's a news archive, yeah?
It's called LexisNexis, yeah.
It's a professional... Well, I'll email you because there are a few in the... Jim Casper interview.
Oh, Casper, yeah.
Nicole, go log on AOL.
And then when you get on AOL,
Go to Netscape and go to Lexnex and tell me when you get it on and then we'll plug on and just punch up search.
You'll have to tell me the password.
There's no password needed.
It's already in there.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's in there.
Go to search.
What was that?
She's a good kid, isn't she?
I heard that was in your stomach.
No, it's a baby toy.
I forgot to be in college.
She got it at the baby store for me.
Have you ever seen this?
How does it work?
Simple pleasure.
We'll give it another ten minutes or so.
We'll have to kill that bottle.
Now you've got mail.
Just see who it's from.
Debbie at I-W-L-A dot org.
Let it go.
Deep delete it.
Okay.
This is now very heavy bullshit coming after you.
No, it's education.
Because I like this.
How long can these things run, these little bits?
Hour and a quarter.
Not bad.
On the screen.
Thanks.
Good question.
Happy childhood.
dead.
The king is dead.
Long live the king.
Don't forget these here.
We'll wrap this up again soon.